Contributing
🎌 Čeština, Deutsch, English, Español, Français, Italiano, Kurdi, Lietuvių, Nederlands, Norsk, Polski, Português, Türkçe,
Ελληνικά, العربية, 日本語, 正體中文, 简体中文, 한국어
The source code in this repository was digitized manually from paper printouts, so typos and other discrepancies have been introduced accidentally. The code shall be modified to be made consistent with the following scanned printouts:
AGC printouts for Comanche
AGC printouts for Luminary
Useful Extensions
GitHub has syntax support for the AGC assembly language built-in. Unfortunately your code editor will not, however there are AGC language extensions that provides syntax highlighting for the following editors:
Atom†
CodeBlocks
Eclipse
Kate
ProgrammersNotepad
Sublime Text 3†
TextPad
Vim
Visual Studio Code† jEdit
† Supports automatic formatting
Formatting
Note: GitHub and extensions marked above will ensure you're using the correct formatting automatically.
Use tab indentation
Use tab width of 8
Trim trailing whitespace
What do I check?
Any discrepancies between the scans and the source code in this repository.
Comments
Comments in the transcribed code MUST match the scans exactly.
Common issues you should look out for while proofing include, but not limited to:
Typographic Errors
In some places, the original developers made typographic errors while writing comments. Some of these were mistakenly corrected during the initial digitisation, however the digitisation has also introduced typographic errors that were not present in the scans.
For example, if the digitised comments contained SPACECRAFT , but SPAECRAFT was printed in the scans, then the digitisation MUST be corrected to SPAECRAFT (missing C ).
Likewise, if a word has a typo in the digitisation but is spelt correctly in the scans then the typo MUST be corrected.
Spaces
Spaces between two characters in comments SHOULD match the scans. In most cases (see the discussion in #316), this is:
Single space for new words.
Double space for new sentences.
Triple space for indentations.
Not all pages in the scans follow this generalisation, if the scans only have a single space instead of a double space, use a single space.
Line breaks
Line breaks with R0000 in column 1 should match the scans exactly.
Line breaks without R0000 in column 1 should contain only 1 or 2 blank lines in a row.
If there are more than 2 blank lines breaks, strip the extra line breaks.
Lines with R0000 in column 1 do not count towards this.
In the source images, these were created by an unprinted digit in column 8. A 2 there forced a double space (single blank line) and a 3 forced a triple space (double blank line). Values 4-8 were defined but never used. Read more about it in #159
For example the following:
R0819   SUBROUTINE TO SKIP...
R0820
0821   LAMPTEST  CS  IMODES33

Should become:
R0819   SUBROUTINE TO SKIP...
R0820
0820   LAMPTEST  CS  IMODES33


Note
Before you make a PR, please make sure your changes are consistent with the scans!
